# HashTable
Update 2:

I saw the tutor again today and he showed me that I just needed to put an & sign and change the if else statement to check for the value -1. I think it's at least sort of working now but I'm having trouble displaying the next value to make sure. For example, I'm putting the word "dad" then the word "add" into index 9 of the array so "add" should be the next value of array[9] but when I type cout << array[9].next->word << endl; it puts out a bunch of random letters and symbols. I'm pretty sure that's how I would've displayed values for any of the other projects but it isn't working for this one. 

Update:

The tutor helped explain the hash table stuff to me and I was able to finish the simple one but the better hash table code doesn't work (the code I used is pretty much what I wrote in my notes app since everything else I wrote didn't make any sense). My plan was to just put an if else statement in the code that checked to see if that spot in the array held anything and if it did to add the new node to the "next" spot for the word already in the array. I think maybe I didn't set up the HashNode.h file correctly for what I wanted to do or maybe I don't understand how arrays work but there seemed to be a few things that I wasn't able to do on this project that I was able to do on other ones. I still want to do the hash table the right way so I'm going to meet with the tutor again and try to make this up on the final.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
As of March 1st, I haven't finished this project yet. I was very sick last week and that prevented me from working on it as much as I would've liked to and I when I started feeling better on Saturday I didn't really understand how to code it and Google wasn't helping me figure it out either so I didn't get a lot finished. I made an appointment with a tutor on Tuesday so I can get some clarification on a few things and then I'll finish it before the end of the week. Sorry for the late assignment.
